"If you dream of beating me, you'd better wake up and apologise" - Muhammad Ali
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'." - Muhammad Ali
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." - Muhammad Ali
"Don't count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"To be a great champion you must believe that you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are." - Muhammad Ali
"Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. The hands can't hit what the eyes can't see." - Muhammad Ali
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." - Muhammad Ali
"Fighting is pure chaos, and to be a good fighter you simply have to be prepared physically and mentally to handle that chaos." - BJ Penn
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried." - Steven McCranie
"A true martial artist is not the one who fears defeat, but the one who never gives up." - Georges St-Pierre
"Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality." - Bruce Lee
"Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"The goal of martial arts is to affect the mind and spirit, not just the body." - Gichin Funakoshi
"Martial arts training is about finding balance in all aspects of life." - Unknown
"The most difficult move in martial arts is conquering oneself." - Unknown
"There is a difference between a fighter and a martial artist. A fighter is training for a purpose: He has a fight. I'm a martial artist. I don't train for a fight. I train for myself. I'm training all the time. My goal is perfection. But I will never reach perfection." - Georges St-Pierre
"If you have a dream, don't let anyone talk you out of it." - Henry Cejudo
"No matter how bad things get, eventually the sun is going to shine. If you just keep at it, pursuing your goals, eventually good things happen to decent people. For a person who is set on his goals, good things will happen. Everyone deals with adversity; it's how you bounce back from it." - Daniel Cormier
"I wish everyone well, but you need to focus on yourself. You need to stop putting your hand out. Everyone wants hand outs. Everyone wants things for free. You've got to put in the work. You've got to grind. You've go through the struggle, and you've got to get it." - Conor McGregor
"People say to me all the time, 'You have no fear.' I tell them, 'No, that's not true. I'm scared all the time. You have to have fear in order to have courage. I'm a courageous person because I'm a scared person." - Ronda Rousey
"I'm scared of failure all the time, but not enough to stop trying." - Ronda Rousey
"Just believe in yourself. Even if you don't, pretend that you do and at some point, you will." - Ronda Rousey
"Once you give them the power to tell you you're great, you've also given them the power to tell you you're unworthy. Once you start caring about people's opinions of you, you give up control." - Ronda Rousey